DOCS-7387 Container Cost Allocation Doc Update (#22176)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloud_cost_management/_index.md

  {{< nextlink href="/cloud_cost_management/saas_costs">}}<u>SaaS Cost Integrations</u>: Send cost data from a supported SaaS cost provider to Datadog. {{< /nextlink >}}
 {{< /whatsnext >}}

## Use cloud cost data in dashboards

Visualize infrastructure spend alongside related utilization metrics to spot potential inefficiencies and savings opportunities:

- Add cloud costs to widgets in Datadog dashboards by selecting the *Cloud Cost* data source.
  
{{< img src="cloud_cost/cloud_cost_data_source.png" alt="Cloud Cost available as a data source in dashboard widget creation" style="width:60%;" >}}

- Export a timeseries graph of costs data using the [Metrics API][1].

## Allocate costs

> Use [Container Cost Allocation][2] metrics to identify Kubernetes, AWS ECS, Azure, and Google Cloud cluster and workload costs, and gain visibility into into pod-level costs, idle resource costs, costs by resource type, and more.

Author: ```suggestion
Use [Container Cost Allocation][2] metrics to discover costs associated with clusters and workloads across Kubernetes, AWS ECS, Azure, and Google Cloud. Gain visibility into pod-level costs, identify idle resource costs, and analyze costs by resource type.
```
